src/youth.md, before:

---
    title: "East Texas Goat Raisers Association Youth"
---


# Youth

## East Texas Goat Raisers Association Youth

          The East Texas Goat Raisers Association Youth established in 2012, has been organized to reward and support Young Goat Exhibitors and/or Producers that are competitively involved in exhibiting, raising, or learning about goats. Junior Members will be provided opportunities to raise, show and experience the goat industry first hand while drawing from the knowledge of the ETGRA members.

ETGRAY hosts at least one youth show a year. And at least one goat clinic a year.

The youth have the opportunity to earn points for showing goats, working ETGRA functions and going to goat clinics. At the end of the year the points will be tallied, the first place youth of each age group will receive a buckle. Second and third place youth will also receive prizes.

It is also not well known that ETGRA has a scholarship for seniors in High School. The youth does not have to be a member to receive the scholarship, but a parent, grandparent or legal guardian must be a member. The parent, grandparent or legal guardian must be a member for a minimum of a year  before the youth can apply for the scholarship. But an active youth member will be given higher consideration for the scholarship than non member youth or non participating youth.

It’s only $10 for a youth to join. But in return you get the opportunity to draw knowledge from the ETGRA members.

Find info on youth events (shows, etc.) under main menu for calendar of events, shows, etc.

[ETGRA Scholarship ](/assets/Scholarship.pdf)

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit 84cbfbe248ec7fc82df02b671776414a5752df9d
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 16:10:00 2022 -0500

    add bylaws

commit c3c19d27bcf4986e244ce5990151203e9664c88a
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 16:02:15 2022 -0500

    Add titles to pages

commit c63e790f8b6e7780bdd1206dae13691cb4dc2510
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 16:00:34 2022 -0500

    Join link in navigation

commit 358560e3221366466c2e719f9845248745d7cbe8
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 15:58:53 2022 -0500

    enforce filename style requiremnts

commit da9913365cde25c38bbdbc78e0f868bd2f18842a
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 15:56:49 2022 -0500

    Add Youth to navbar

commit 44b61e732a0fd1565080419ddf63068ac9a518db
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 15:55:50 2022 -0500

    youth documents

commit 606d8d669fc895ee98ed8ecf7ef366008a939c80
Author: Wesley Williams <40679192+Moto42@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 15:55:43 2022 -0500

    no capitals or spaces

src/youth.md, after:

---
    title: "Youth - East Texas Goat Raisers Association"
---


# Youth

## East Texas Goat Raisers Association Youth

The East Texas Goat Raisers Association Youth established in 2012, has been organized to reward and support Young Goat Exhibitors and/or Producers that are competitively involved in exhibiting, raising, or learning about goats. Junior Members will be provided opportunities to raise, show and experience the goat industry first hand while drawing from the knowledge of the ETGRA members.

ETGRAY hosts at least one youth show a year. And at least one goat clinic a year.

The youth have the opportunity to earn points for showing goats, working ETGRA functions and going to goat clinics. At the end of the year the points will be tallied, the first place youth of each age group will receive a buckle. Second and third place youth will also receive prizes.

It is also not well known that ETGRA has a scholarship for seniors in High School. The youth does not have to be a member to receive the scholarship, but a parent, grandparent or legal guardian must be a member. The parent, grandparent or legal guardian must be a member for a minimum of a year  before the youth can apply for the scholarship. But an active youth member will be given higher consideration for the scholarship than non member youth or non participating youth.

It’s only $10 for a youth to join. But in return you get the opportunity to draw knowledge from the ETGRA members.

<!-- Find info on youth events (shows, etc.) under main menu for calendar of events, shows, etc. -->

## Related Documents
- [Youth Membership Guidlines](/assets/etgra_youth_membership_guidelines.docx)
- [Youth Point System](/assets/etgra_youth_point_system.docx)
- Scholarship
    - [PDF](/assets/scholarship.pdf)
    - [Word Document](/assets/Scholarship.pdf)
